# Takeout Documentation

<table style="width:100%"><caption>Exported Object: Activity records <br>Exported Object represents: Timestamped records of your activity across different Google Products <br>Object is exported in these formats:HTML JSON 
<br>Exported object has the following fields:<br></caption><tfoot><tr><td colspan="10"> * The above represents key data fields for the purposes of parsing and ingesting the relevant data exports.  Data fields produced in an export vary by service and user action and some services and/or actions do not produce each data field described..</td></tr></tfoot><tr><th width="25%">Data Field *</th><th width="60%">Field Definition</th><th width="15%">Data Field Type</th></tr><tr><td>header</td><td>This will typically be either an app name, domain name, or product name. <br><br> Example: <br> YouTube: YouTube <br> Search: Domain name or Search <br> Chrome: Chrome</td><td>string</td></tr><tr><td>title</td><td>High level summary of the user activity. <br><br> Example: <br> YouTube: Watched..., Subscribed to..., Visited, ... <br> Search: Searched for ..., Viewed ..., Visited ... <br> Chrome: Visited ...</td><td>string</td></tr><tr><td>titleUrl</td><td>URL. <br><br> Example: <br> YouTube: youtube url <br> Search: Searched, Visited, Viewed url <br> Chrome: Visited url</td><td>string</td></tr><tr><td>subtitles</td><td>Detailed user activity. <br><br> Example: <br> YouTube: Channel information name and url, ...</td><td>string</td></tr><tr><td>description</td><td>Extra information that helps explain the activity taken by the user.</td><td>string</td></tr><tr><td>time</td><td>Time and date the user did the activity.</td><td>string</td></tr><tr><td>products</td><td>The Products that this data is a part of. <br><br> Example: <br> YouTube: Youtube <br> Search: Search <br> Chrome: Chrome</td><td>list</td></tr><tr><td>details</td><td>Used to display information about where the user activity comes from, such as if the user activity was the result of the user interacting with an ad or app. <br><br> Example: <br> YouTube: &quot;From Google Ads&quot;</td><td>string</td></tr><tr><td>activityControls</td><td>Shows the Google data collection settings (like Location History and Web &amp; App Activity) that save data in a user’s Google account that the exported data is part of. <br><br> Example: <br> YouTube: YouTube watch history, YouTube search history <br> Search: Web App Activity <br> Chrome: Additional Web App Activity.</td><td>string</td></tr><tr><td>locationInfo</td><td>The location(s) associated with this activity.</td><td>string</td></tr><tr><td>imageFile</td><td>The local file name for the image attachment.</td><td>string</td></tr><tr><td>audioFiles</td><td>The list of local file names for the audio attachments.</td><td>list</td></tr></table><table style="width:100%"><caption>Exported Object: Image attachments <br>Exported Object represents: Images related to your activity records <br>Object is exported in these formats:JPEG 
</caption><tfoot><tr><td colspan="10"> * The above represents key data fields for the purposes of parsing and ingesting the relevant data exports.  Data fields produced in an export vary by service and user action and some services and/or actions do not produce each data field described..</td></tr></tfoot><tr><th width="25%"></th><th width="60%"></th><th width="15%"></th>        </tr></table><table style="width:100%"><caption>Exported Object: Audio attachments <br>Exported Object represents: Audio files related to your activity records <br>Object is exported in these formats:MPEG 
</caption><tfoot><tr><td colspan="10"> * The above represents key data fields for the purposes of parsing and ingesting the relevant data exports.  Data fields produced in an export vary by service and user action and some services and/or actions do not produce each data field described..</td></tr></tfoot><tr><th width="25%"></th><th width="60%"></th><th width="15%"></th>        </tr></table>

Please click [here](https://developers.google.com/data-portability/schema-reference) to provide feedback for potential future enhancements and improvements.

